Patch micka layer records asynchronously (#1045)
LayerManager/layman: CHANGELOG.md

- [#1009](https://github.com/LayerManager/layman/issues/1009) Fill column `description` in `publications` table in prime DB schema. Value is taken from GeoServer for layers and from filesystem for maps.
### Changes
- [#1009](https://github.com/LayerManager/layman/issues/1009) PATCH Workspace [Layer](doc/rest.md#patch-workspace-layer)/[Map](doc/rest.md#patch-workspace-map) returns same response as POST Workspace [Layers](doc/rest.md#post-workspace-layers)/[Maps](doc/rest.md#post-workspace-maps) with only `name`, `uuid`, `url` and for Layer also optional `files_to_upload` keys.

> - [#1009](https://github.com/LayerManager/layman/issues/1009) Updating Micka record as part of PATCH Workspace [Layer](doc/rest.md#patch-workspace-layer) is run asynchronously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1009](https://github.com/LayerManager/layman/issues/1009) Updating Micka record as part of PATCH Workspace [Layer](doc/rest.md#patch-workspace-layer) runs asynchronously to make PATCH request faster.
```
